README.md, before:

# Super-Duper Waffle
A connect 4 style game featuring various round breakfast items. 

## January 22, 2023
### By: Jon Lindner 
[Trello](https://trello.com/b/rVsfNxfU/super-duper-waffle)
[Github](https://github.com/jonclindner/Super-Duper-Waffle)

***
### ***Description:***
### A two-player connect 4 style game featuring various breakfast items. 
***
### ***Getting Started***
1. Create a basic main page with a "Start Game" option.
2. Create a more detailed second page with a full game board and gamepiece options for each player. 
3. Add functionality that allows users to click above the game board to "drop" their gamepiece into a column. 
4. Add fuctionality that will stack each gamepiece on top of any previously-played gamepieces within the same column. 
5. Add fuctionality that does not allow for a user to "drop" a gamepiece in a column that is already full
6. Create an alert when a player wins
7. Reset the board when a player wins
8. Add a reset button to for mid-game restarts
## *Screenshots:* 
### Home page
![Screenshot1](/images/Screenshot%202023-01-26%20at%207.57.13%20PM.png)
### Game board in "dark mode"
![Screenshot2](/images/Screenshot%202023-01-26%20at%207.58.08%20PM.png)
### Game board in "light mode" after a player win.
![Screenshot3](/images/Screenshot%202023-01-26%20at%207.58.44%20PM.png)

***
# ***Credits***
## ***Images:***
## Pixel Art Egg and Bacon gif [Justin Gammon on Dribbble.com](https://dribbble.com/shots/2091995-Bacon-and-Egg-Dancing)
## Waffle Image (gamepiece) [In the Kitchen with Matt](https://www.inthekitchenwithmatt.com/homemade-belgian-waffles)
## Egg, Bacon, & Toast Image (gamepiece) [Food Network](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/396ikv/dogs_doing_people_things/)


## ***Sources:***
## Explaination of JavaScript String .split()  [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/split)
## Instructions to convert a string to an array  [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13272406/convert-string-with-commas-to-array)
## Instructions to access the ID of an element [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27135846/how-to-print-a-value-in-console-log-base-on-id-of-an-element)
## Instructions to assign classes to elements [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/classList)
## Instructions to reload a page with a click event [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29884654/button-that-refreshes-the-page-on-click)
## Instructions to insert an onClick event handler into a for loop [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15860683/onclick-event-in-a-for-loop)

Commit message:

same as last commit, did not save before committing

README.md, after:

# Super-Duper Waffle
 

## January 27, 2023
### By: Jon Lindner 
[Trello](https://trello.com/b/rVsfNxfU/super-duper-waffle) 
[Github](https://github.com/jonclindner/Super-Duper-Waffle)

***
### ***Description:***
### *Super-Duper Waffle* is a browser-based game which utilizes JavaScript, CSS, & HTML to create a two-player, connect 4-style game that allows users to battle with various breakfast dishes.  
### This projects was created to gain experience using the technologies listed above.
***
### ***Getting Started***
1. Upon loading the home page, the users will read the basic instrucitons below the dancing bacon and egg gif. 
2. Upon clicking the "Play!" button, the users will be taken to a separate page which constains the gameboard. 
3. 
## *Screenshots:* 
### Home page
![Screenshot1](/images/Screenshot%202023-01-26%20at%207.57.13%20PM.png)
### Game board in "dark mode"
![Screenshot2](/images/Screenshot%202023-01-26%20at%207.58.08%20PM.png)
### Game board in "light mode" after a player win.
![Screenshot3](/images/Screenshot%202023-01-26%20at%207.58.44%20PM.png)

***
# ***Credits***
## ***Images:***
## Pixel Art Egg and Bacon gif [Justin Gammon on Dribbble.com](https://dribbble.com/shots/2091995-Bacon-and-Egg-Dancing)
## Waffle Image (gamepiece) [In the Kitchen with Matt](https://www.inthekitchenwithmatt.com/homemade-belgian-waffles)
## Egg, Bacon, & Toast Image (gamepiece) [Food Network](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/396ikv/dogs_doing_people_things/)


## ***Sources:***
## Explaination of JavaScript String .split()  [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/split)
## Instructions to convert a string to an array  [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13272406/convert-string-with-commas-to-array)
## Instructions to access the ID of an element [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27135846/how-to-print-a-value-in-console-log-base-on-id-of-an-element)
## Instructions to assign classes to elements [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/classList)
## Instructions to reload a page with a click event [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29884654/button-that-refreshes-the-page-on-click)
## Instructions to insert an onClick event handler into a for loop [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15860683/onclick-event-in-a-for-loop)
## Instructions to add a colored border around text [Codesdope](https://www.codesdope.com/blog/article/adding-outline-to-text-using-css/)
